Name                            Status   File

# Bit conversion (Not started)

bit->integer                    TODO
bit->boolean                    TODO


# Constructors (Done)

make-bitvector                  Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector                       Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector-unfold/int            Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector-unfold/bool           Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector-unfold-right/int      Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector-unfold-right/bool     Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector-copy                  Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector-reverse-copy          Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector-append                Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector-concatenate           Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector-append-subbitvectors  Done            wrappers.scm


# Predicates (Done)

bitvector?                      Done            macros.scm
bitvector-empty?                Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector=                      Done            wrappers.scm


# Selectors (Done)

bitvector-ref/int               Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector-ref/bool              Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector-length                Done            wrappers.scm


# Iteration (Mostly done)

bitvector-take                  Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector-take-right            Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector-drop                  Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector-drop-right            Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector-segment               Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector-fold/int              Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector-fold/bool             Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector-fold-right/int        Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector-fold-right/bool       Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector-map/int               Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector-map/bool              Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector-map!/int              Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector-map!/bool             Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector-map->list/int         TODO            map2list.scm
bitvector-map->list/bool        TODO            map2list.scm
bitvector-for-each/int          Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector-for-each/bool         Done            wrappers.scm


# Prefixes, suffixes, trimming, padding (Done)

bitvector-prefix-length         TODO            quasi-strs.scm
bitvector-suffix-length         TODO            quasi-strs.scm
bitvector-prefix?               TODO            quasi-strs.scm
bitvector-suffix?               TODO            quasi-strs.scm
bitvector-pad                   TODO            quasi-strs.scm
bitvector-pad-right             TODO            quasi-strs.scm
bitvector-trim                  TODO            quasi-strs.scm
bitvector-trim-right            TODO            quasi-strs.scm
bitvector-trim-both             TODO            quasi-strs.scm


# Mutators (Done)

bitvector-set!                  Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector-swap!                 Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector-fill!                 Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector-reverse!              Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector-copy!                 Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector-reverse-copy!         Done            wrappers.scm


# Conversion (Partially done)

bitvector->list/int             Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector->list/bool            Done            wrappers.scm
reverse-bitvector->list/int     Done            wrappers.scm
reverse-bitvector->list/bool    Done            wrappers.scm
list->bitvector                 Done            wrappers.scm
reverse-list->bitvector         Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector->vector/int           Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector->vector/bool          Done            wrappers.scm
vector->bitvector               Done            wrappers.scm
bitvector->string               Done            convert.scm
string->bitvector               INCOMPLETE      convert.scm
bitvector->integer              TODO            convert.scm
integer->bitvector              TODO            convert.scm
bitvector->bytevector           Done            convert.scm
bitvector->bytevector!          INCOMPLETE      convert.scm
bytevector->bitvector           INCOMPLETE      convert.scm


# Generators (Done)

make-bitvector-generator/int    Done            gen-acc.scm
make-bitvector-generator/bool   Done            gen-acc.scm
make-bitvector-accumulator      Done            gen-acc.scm


# Basic operations (Done)

bitvector-not                   Done            logic-ops.scm
bitvector-not!                  Done            logic-ops.scm
bitvector-and                   Done            logic-ops.scm
bitvector-and!                  Done            logic-ops.scm
bitvector-ior                   Done            logic-ops.scm
bitvector-ior!                  Done            logic-ops.scm
bitvector-xor                   Done            logic-ops.scm
bitvector-xor!                  Done            logic-ops.scm
bitvector-eqv                   Done            logic-ops.scm
bitvector-eqv!                  Done            logic-ops.scm
bitvector-nand                  Done            logic-ops.scm
bitvector-nand!                 Done            logic-ops.scm
bitvector-nor                   Done            logic-ops.scm
bitvector-nor!                  Done            logic-ops.scm
bitvector-andc1                 Done            logic-ops.scm
bitvector-andc1!                Done            logic-ops.scm
bitvector-andc2                 Done            logic-ops.scm
bitvector-andc2!                Done            logic-ops.scm
bitvector-orc1                  Done            logic-ops.scm
bitvector-orc1!                 Done            logic-ops.scm
bitvector-orc2                  Done            logic-ops.scm
bitvector-orc2!                 Done            logic-ops.scm


# Quasi-integer operations (Not started)

bitvector-count                 TODO            quasi-ints.scm
bitvector-if                    TODO            quasi-ints.scm
bitvector-first-bit             TODO            quasi-ints.scm


# Bit field operations (Not started)

bitvector-field-any?            TODO            fields.scm
bitvector-field-every?          TODO            fields.scm
bitvector-field-clear           TODO            fields.scm
bitvector-field-clear!          TODO            fields.scm
bitvector-field-set             TODO            fields.scm
bitvector-field-set!            TODO            fields.scm
bitvector-field-replace-same    TODO            fields.scm
bitvector-field-replace-same!   TODO            fields.scm
bitvector-field-flip            TODO            fields.scm
bitvector-field-flip!           TODO            fields.scm
